---
title: Tuesday, June 13, 2023
summary: "New TIL page, new music page, new cheatsheet page. New button implementations. Breaked up custom.scss into smaller stylesheets."
date: 2023-06-13
bookHidden: true
---

New TIL page, new music page, new cheatsheet page. New button implementations. Breaked up _custom.scss into smaller stylesheets.

## Activity Log

- Forgetful.Dev joins the [512KB Club](https://512kb.club/).
- Created and compiled TIL items. Placed the new page within the Learning section. Moved items from Obsidian.
- Created music page and started inputting extries including albums.
- Change note into Grammar et al instead of single topic.
- Introduced a temporary (maybe?) testing/sandbox section under Projects. Using it to style `<a>` links to look like buttons. Will introduce button styling for both internal and external navigation.
- Created new Snippets page.
- Moving around some SCSS.
  - Separated the new Breadcrumbs style into it's own .scss file. *Disabled for now.*
  - Separated the new Headings style into it's own .scss file.
  - Separated the new Sidebar style into it's own .scss file.
  - Separated the new Buttons style into it's own .scss file.
- Created drafted Posts index page.
- Converted Projects into a single note within /docs/
- Introduced the new Tasks page.
- Organized the pages withing the left sidebar.
- Styled left sidebar. Played with underline, bold, padding-left. Ended up with a bit of a few solutions.
- New Cheat Sheet page with button information. I will use it as a place to reference code wihtin the website.
- Implemented 4 new options to create buttons. Detailed in the new [Cheat Sheet](/docs/cheatsheet/). Updated buttons at the bottom of Journals to the new design.
- Added more information on Font Stacks. Sourced from the 512kb club.
- Added some repo badges to the new About section for the site.
- Added badge to 512KB Club's Green Team.
  - Created custom style to fade in some 'alt' text.

{{< button relref="/journals" >}}Go back{{< /button >}}